Native generation producer: 56250e7 with pending PostgreSQL minor plus eighteen
patch entries. Later broad gates used e5354f8 after the reviewed replay await
fix, with the same generated0.2 working-tree artifacts. Locale LC_ALL=C;
prepared Bun1.3.10, CLI3.0.3, Node24.13.0 in the worktree devenv shell.

Worker sequence, from repository root:
bun install --frozen-lockfile
bun run changeset:check --base=master
bun run release
bun install
bun install --frozen-lockfile
bun run changeset:check --base=master
bun run release-check
bun tools/scripts/publish-registry.ts --build
bun tools/scripts/publish-registry.ts --preflight
bun run publish:dry-run

Runtime was bound to the absolute prepared worktree profile; broad service
commands entered devenv shell to retain PGHOST. All final sequence checks
exited0. The first unsupported `biome format --check` attempt and first two
consumed-gate failures are historical diagnostics under /tmp/KRT-BN005-release;
the supported read-only format check and M3d await fix passed afterward.
No manual version editing or registry mutation is part of this sequence.

Lead independent final commands:
devenv shell -- zsh -c 'LC_ALL=C bun run publish:dry-run'
devenv shell -- zsh -c 'LC_ALL=C bun run verify'
devenv shell -- zsh -c 'LC_ALL=C bun .constitution/evidence/KRT-BN005/release-contract.mjs .constitution/evidence/KRT-BN005/consumed-intent.md'

All exited0 on e5354f8 with generated0.2 artifacts. Summary logs are exact
final excerpts, not complete transcripts; their headers name full temporary
logs. The artifact probe evaluates actual files, explicit public inventory,
private session exclusions, dependency ranges and full0.2 changelog sections,
including a negative control rejecting an old internal dependency version.
Its workspace scope allows only generated release paths and own lead evidence
and bookkeeping. This proof does not publish, tag, dispatch a workflow, create
a release, or change repository settings.

Source hash recipe and recorded result:
git ls-files -z 'typescript/**/src/**' | xargs -0 sha256sum | sha256sum
922dcbaf2123865861bb72af4326d428924303037c2c1e4f11ca7e7a72d9ff3c

Thirty fixed members are at0.2.0 (nineteen public, eleven private). Three new
session-package changelogs are private artifacts, not additions to publication.
The pending intent is archived byte-for-byte as consumed-intent.md; its direct
entries remain the source for release-note classification. The count and
scope describe this generated snapshot, not a future release inventory.

Reusable contract correction after milestone review:
Producer parent: 9b9173557a1dc8243d123093fcc4ff376e3cba0b. The original
release-contract.log and release-negative-control.log preserve the pre-commit
producer observation (58 tracked and 3 untracked release paths). Those dirty
counts are historical evidence, not a requirement for a committed checkout.

From repository root, the current reusable command is:
devenv shell -- zsh -c 'LC_ALL=C bun .constitution/evidence/KRT-BN005/release-contract.mjs .constitution/evidence/KRT-BN005/consumed-intent.md'

The corrected probe finds the intent-deletion commit in HEAD ancestry and
checks its parent diff against exactly 30 manifests, 30 changelogs, the
consumed intent deletion, and allowed BN005 evidence/epic bookkeeping.
It accepts a clean current tree or owned evidence changes and rejects
unowned dirty paths. Version, privacy, closure, range, complete changelog,
source hash, and stale-version negative-control checks remain required.
The formatter command is the supported read-only Biome check.

The lead rerun exited 0 with the corrected probe and one owned evidence
change; its full output is clean-checkout-contract.log. Worker commands and
results are labeled excerpts in contract-fix-verification.txt. A disposable
repository with two matching release commits on separate refs demonstrates
that --all sees two, while HEAD ancestry sees one and the corrected contract
passes on the clean current branch; see head-ancestry-control.txt.
The probe uses the historical intent path as its anchor, without hardcoding
the release commit SHA, so rebase rewrites do not change the procedure.
No release artifact was changed, regenerated, or published by this correction.
